[Music]
meet the all-new Lexus GS hybrid a lot
like the old one but new front end and
the rear and we really cool-looking tail
outlets front pipes
what makes this lexus GS unique is that
it has an electric motor perhaps more
importantly it also has the most
horsepower just over 380 which means in
theory it should be the fastest lexus GS
combined but it still uses a 3.5 liter
v6 we did add the atkinson cycle through
this still with the overall combined
burst tire 388 let's elect another one
has 306 right 306 so this puts out the
performance of a 4.5 liter v8
[Music]
there's more room in the trunk and
that's because they stack the batteries
up instead of outward so a little bit
more tushy space for me they're still
using Nicola hydride batteries back here
and that's because well they don't want
to mess with a good thing this year we
actually took and stack the batteries on
top of each other or the to section on
top of each other instead of spreading
out this way so we got pull out more
trunk space Lexus have set its sights
directly at the Germans the big three
have vehicles that could be directly
with this but they don't have a hybrid
they do however have a diesel and you
pay a premium for getting the diesel
however you also pay a premium for this
hybrid what that is we don't know yet we
do know that we'll get over 30 miles per
gallon combined 31 combines what we're
showing and we drove this car from LA
here and we've got 36 with and it has a
CVT continuously variable transmission
which is always such fun but in reality
it doesn't drone as much as some of the
other ones and off the line let's break
away now Lexus didn't give us a 0 to 60
time but I do have an iPhone and a
stopwatch
all right let's find out how fast this
will go 0 to 60 when you see an open
stretch of road let me know Nathan
alright got it you lose prices if it
will it be a price premium for the
hybrid there always is a little bit for
the hybrid yeah but how much we don't
know yet cuz they have a set price okay
0 to 60 let's see how fast it'll go I'm
gonna start Nathan three two one go let
me know when you're at 60
there goes the stopwatch now close now
oh that was six point nine I think I
stopped little late so I'd say six point
five oh that's not bad the question with
the hybrid is is it worth the extra
money to get the hybrid drive with this
car you're getting better fuel economy
and you're getting more power that's
true but the other cars in this class
have diesels and you know what they
compete very closely yeah so until you
can buy something else besides the
hybrid or diesel there's really not much
else out there frankly water power car
they already have water powder cars
called hydrogen and so you can buy one
at your local dealership those are your
choices as always this is Rowan and
Nathan reporting for the fast lane car
CX times Ramblers cheering well has an
interesting story tell you about them
and the fact that the engineers I have a
video showing them all going out to it
like a bamboo forest picking out the
bamboo each bamboo tree they want to use
so take it back they split it up into
different sections they glue it on top
of each other then they form it around
for the wheel and they have a machine it
goes around custom ASIC sheet they
literally hand finish it by hand sanding
every steering wheel with the hand goes
to you as a hand Bell steering wheel and
it is bamboo and it's a renewable energy
source
you